Process Skills:

1. Observing
2. Classifying
3. Measuring and using numbers
4. making inference
5. predicting
6. Communicating
7. Using space-time relationship
8. 




Process:

Basically, you encourage a personto ask questions, formulate a hypothesis design and run an experiment to test the hypothesis

1. Observing - Using your 5 senses effectively
   The five senses - see, hear, touch, smell, taste to find out objects and events, their characteristics properties, differences, similarities, and changes.

Qualitative - using senses
Quantitative - using exact measurement
Observations are recorded.

Ex. Describing a pencil as yellow.


2. Classifying

Why do we need to classify?

1. Too many items or information.
2. Items or information are not organized.

How do we classify?

1. Identify the general characteristics of the items.
2. Sort out items of the same characteristics into their respective group.

1. Detecting similarities.

3. Measuring and using numbers

Comparing an unknown quantity with a known (metric units,

Measurements are to be recorded in an orderly and systematic


Benefits:

Able to count and compare quantity of items in one group

Genetic Diversity in maize Count and compare the numbers of seeds which are black white and red in colour.

Use numbers to record phenomenon

1. Stop
2. Rotate
3. Rotate faster
4. Fastest

4. Making Inferences

Explanation or interpretation that follow from the observation.

Making an "educated guess" abouut an object or event based on previously gathered data or information.

When we are able to make inferences, and

5. Predicting

Stating the outcome of a future event based on a pattern of evidence.

Example:

Predicting the height of a plant in two weeks time based on a graph of its growth during the previous four weeks.

6. Communicating 

using words (written and spoken) or graphic symbols to describe an action, object or event.

Ex. Describing the change in height of a plant overtime in writing, through a graph or drawing.
