We can use any clothes as long as it is clean and safe to use.
We should use dressing and bandages to avoid further infections outside and to stop bleeding.
It is necessary to appy the proper techniques to avoid further infection.

Dressings - A piece of sterile cloth that covers a wound to prevent infection or to stop bleeding. Any clean cloth can be used.
	- Used to apply pressure to stop bleeding.
Techniques in applying a dressing:

1. Wash Hands and wear gloves.
2. Unwrap the dressing as close to the would as possible, be sure not to touch the wound.
3. Place the dressing over the wound.
4. Use a dressing that is large enough to extend at least 1 inch beyond the edges of the wound.
5. If body tissue or organs are exposed, cover the wound with a dressing that will stick.
6. Then secure the dressing with a bandage or adhesive tape.

Two Phases of bandaging:

Open Phase Bandaging:
- Used for wound on top and back of the head, chest, back, hand and foot and as arm sling
- Unfolded triangular bandage.

Cravat Phase Bandaging:
- Used for wounds that need extra support like wound on the eye, forehead, ear, cheek, jaw, shoulder, hip, arm leg, elbow, 

Techniques in Bandaging:
1. Keep in mind the following
- Always use the square knot
- Keep the cloth sterile to avoid infection
2. Depends upon the size and location of the wound, your first aid skills and materials at hand.
3. Bandage firmly over bleeding and securely over the broken bone, not so tight so as not to cut off the blood circulation.
4. Secure the bandage with a tape, clip, or a bow or a square knot. Ensure the bandages, especially the knots, do not touch the skin.

Wound - is a break in the continuity of a tissue in the body.

Kinds of open wounds
1. Puncture - is a piercing 
Abrasion - caused by rubbing or scraping the skin against a rough surface.
Incision - is a cut caused by knife, broken glass or any sharp object.
Laceration - is a blunt breaking or tearing of soft tissues usually resulting from mishandling tools and other accidents.
Avulsion - is a forcible tearing or partial tearing away of tissues.

Different kinds of transport

- Transporting an injured person to a safer place requires great care. A first aired must undergo proper training. When doing this, a first aider must consider the following factors:

a. Weight and height of the victim
b. Status (Conscious or unconscious)
c. Environment (safe, floor is smooth, narrow or wide)
d. Special need considerations (injuries of the victims)

One-man Transport
Fireman's Carry - the easiest way to transport a light and smaller
Piggy Back - when the victim is conscious.
Blanket Drag-used when the victim is seriously injured and should not be lifted.
Chair or Seat Carry - when there are two first aiders and a chair is available
Six Man Lift and Carry - when there are six first aiders.
