1. 

Name: Apixaban(Eliquis)
Chemical Formula: C25H25N5O4
Organic or Inorganic: Organic
Uses: To lower the risk of stroke and embolism in people with nonvalvular atrial fibrilation.
Precaution: It can increase the risk of bleeding which may be serious and potentially fatal. Spinal punture and others.

2. 

Name: Beclometasone dipropionate(Qvar)
Chemical Formula: C28H37ClO7
Organic or Inorganic: Organic
Uses: The inhaled form is used in the long-term management of asthma.
Precaution: The common side effects with the inhaled form include respiratory infections, headaches and throat inflammation.

3.

Name: Aspirin 
Chemical formula: C9H8O4
Organic or Inorganic: Organic
Uses: medication used to reduce pain, fever, or inflammation. It treats Kawasaki disease, pericardits, and rheumatic fever.
Precaution: increases the risk of Gastrointestinal bleeding.

4. 

Name: Throat Lozenge (Strepsils)
Chemical Formula: C12H18O2
Organic or Inorganic: Organic
Uses: small medicated tablet intended to be dissolved slowly in the mouth to temporarily stop coughs, lubricate, and soothe irratated tissues of the throat.
Precaution: increases the risk of heartburn, indigestion, nausea, and hiccups.

5.

Name: Antacid (Kremil-S)
Chemical Formula: Al(OH)3
Organic or Inorganic: Inorganic
Uses: It is available over the counter and are taken by mouth to quickly relieve occasional heartburn.
Precaution: brands with magnesium may cause diarrhea, and brands with calcium or aluminum may cause constipation and rarely long term use may cause kidney stones.

6.

Name: Ibuprofen (Alaxan)
Chemical Formula: C13H18O2
Organic or inorganic: Organic
Uses: primarily used to treat fever, mild to moderate pain, painful menstruation.
Precaution: increses the risk of nausea, dyspepsia, diarrhea, constipation, gastrointestinal bleeding.

7. 

Name: Mefenamic acid
Chemical Formula: C15H15NO2
Organic or inorganic: Organic
Uses: used to treat pain and inflammation in rheumatoid arthritis and osteoarthritis.
Precaution: headache, nervousness, and vomiting.

8.

Name: Paracetamol/Acetaminophen (Biogesic)
Chemical Formula: C8H9NO2
Organic or inorganic: Organic
Uses: Reduces fever in people of all ages. Relief mild to moderate pain.
Precaution: Overdose of paracetamol can cause potentially fatal liver damage.

9. 

Name: Loperamide (Immodium)
Chemical Formula: C29H33ClN2O2
Organic or inorganic: Organic
Uses: treatment for many types of diarrhea
Precaution: some of the side effects are constipation, dizziness, nausea, and abdominal cramps.

10. 

Name: Diphenhydramine
Chemical Formula: C17H21NO
Organic or inorganic: Organic
Uses: an antihistamine mainly used to treat allergies.
Precaution: most prominent side effect is sedation.